chore(components): add max-width css var on `post-popover` (#4898)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/metal-files-smell.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-documentation': patch
'@swisspost/design-system-components': patch
---

> Added a max-width customizable css variable on the `post-popover` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the CSS variable `--post-popover-max-width` that enables configuring the max-width of the `post-popover` component.
```
